docs(common): Add common Data Binding section (#895)
telerik/blazor-docs: common-features/data-binding/onread.md

* [Description of the `OnRead` event argument](#event-argument)
* [How to return data in `OnRead` with the `ToDataSourceResult` method](#todatasourceresult-method)
* [Example](#example)
* [How to refresh the component data when using `OnRead`](#refresh-data)

## Purpose and Benefits

The easiest way to provide data to a component is to set its `Data` parameter to `IEnumerable<T>`. This allows the component to have all data items and to perform all data operations internally (filtering, paging, sorting, etc.). However, this scenario is not always the most optimal.

There are two main reasons to use the `OnRead` event: **performance** and **customization**.

### Performance

Large amounts of data require loading in chunks and on demand. This improves the performance of the database, backend, network, and the browser. When a component fires `OnRead`, it expects to receive **only the data items to render**. The exact number depends on the component's `PageSize` parameter.

`OnRead` also offloads data operations outside the component, for example on the remote server. This can improve WebAssembly application performance.

### Customization

> `OnRead` allows full control over the data operations. For example, it is possible to use custom sorting and filtering algoritms, if the built-in ones do not fit a given scenario. Here are just a few examples, but there are many more possible scenarios:

Author: ```suggestion
`OnRead` allows full control over the data operations. For example, it is possible to use custom sorting and filtering algorithms, if the built-in ones do not fit a given scenario. Here are just a few examples, but there are many more possible scenarios:
```

* [Search by multiple data fields in ComboBox and DropDownList]({%slug dropdowns-kb-search-in-multiple-fields%})
* [Search in hidden Grid columns]({%slug grid-kb-search-in-hidden-fields%})
* [Debounce Grid data requests]({%slug grid-kb-debounce-operations%})
* [Debounce ComboBox filter requests]({%slug combo-kb-debounce-onread%})

`OnRead` enables [data binding to **OData** services]({%slug common-kb-odata%}).

> In general, `OnRead` allows the application to know the exact data items, which the user is currently seeing.

Author: ```suggestion
`OnRead` also allows the application to know the exact data items, which the user is currently seeing.
```

| [DropDownList]({%slug components/dropdownlist/events%}#onread) | - | [DropDownList virtualization]({%slug dropdownlist-virtualization%}) |
| [Grid]({%slug components/grid/manual-operations%}) | [Grid paging]({%slug components/grid/features/paging%}) | [Grid row virtualization]({%slug components/grid/virtual-scrolling%}) |
| [ListView]({%slug listview-manual-operations%}) | [ListView paging]({%slug listview-paging%}) | - |
| [MultiSelect]({%slug multiselect-events%}#onread) | - | [MultiSelect virtualization]({%slug multiselect-virtualization%}) |

Components like the [**TreeList**]({%slug treelist-data-binding-load-on-demand%}) and the [**TreeView**]({%slug components/treeview/data-binding/load-on-demand%}) don't have an `OnRead` event. Instead, they load data on demand via `OnExpand` events.

## Event Argument

The `OnRead` event handler receives an argument, which inherits from [`ReadEventArgs`](/blazor-ui/api/Telerik.Blazor.Components.ReadEventArgs). The exact type depends on the component. For example, the Grid handler receives `GridReadEventArgs`. The ComboBox handler receives `ComboBoxReadEventArgs`, and so on.

> The event argument object has the following properties:

Author: ```suggestion
The event argument object has the following properties, which are common for all [applicable components](#components-with-onread-event):
```
